Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Still the same
sky
One day I will die
this is impossible
I live well
Destiny is certain
Must be a miscalculation
I don't believe it
But Dharma Pan has never made a mistake
Who wants to kill me?
I have only offended Li Han in Lunyinhai Pavilion
Could it be him
Just because I scolded him a few times, he wanted to kill me.
Should
seek death
Go to hell
Why on earth did he want to kill me?
Why
after the death of master
There's always something I can't remember
Is it possible
Is it what I did to Li Han back then?
That's why he killed me
kill him
right
Strike first to gain the upper hand
no
This severe cold has black hands
How many people in the cabinet died at his hands?
If you want to kill him, you need a sharp knife.
you say
You figured it out last night
Li Han will destroy our Lunyinhai Pavilion
That's right
Last night, the celestial phenomena showed a strong trend of too much food and too much food.
This is a sign of blood evil
It’s very dangerous for my pavilion.
Acting Pavilion Master
My Xuan Daofeng Dharma plate has never gone wrong
Taibai is actually Li Han, an ambitious man
Please, on behalf of the Pavilion Master, quickly send your disciples to kill this person.
seeing is believing
How can I believe you without evidence?
Acting Pavilion Master
You know the rules of Xuandao Peak
The Dharma Plate Contains Heavenly Secrets
Not to be shown to others
Then there's nothing I can do
On behalf of the Pavilion Master, please take a look
an internal disk
Why is there only the Xuanming Dharma Disk left?
Acting Pavilion Master
I have calculated this move a thousand times
It will be difficult for me to live in peace until the severe cold people die.
Acting Pavilion Master
Want to kill Li Han
Those disciples are not enough
Did Peak Master Jian forget?
The art of Tianyan is never just about divination and calculation.
It's better at killing invisible people
Suye understands
If there is a next time
Master Jian Feng should hide his little moves.
If I remember correctly
This was a road a few days ago, right?
When did it become a cliff?
Never mind him
When the road is broken, change the road
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Miasma is poisonous
this bird
In such a big place, it falls on you
What good luck
Why don't I share half of this good luck with you?
don't want
Something doesn't seem right
Could it be
Want the earth dragon to stand up
crow's mouth
Earth dragon turns over
Turning the world upside down is a good show
That's it
This is the earth dragon turning around
This valley feels a little weird.
The earth dragon turning over is often accompanied by thunder in the sky
I said
You don't think you're safe anymore, do you?
How can there be a sunny day?
Thunder
Come again
You are really unlucky
Shut up
Peak Master
as you would expect
The Earth Dragon turns over and the Nine Heavens Thunder Tribulation appears.
The evil place has become a dead place
Li Han
Even if you have special skills
There is no way to escape death this time
Still struggling
why can't you die
waste
Shut up
Tianying is not good
M
Then sacrifice with blood
Something's wrong
You are the one behind this
I won’t stop until I kill you.
Come again
If you want to kill people, just bring out these rubbish
Can it be done?
Where do you stand?
After cliff road closure
Always in danger
Who is playing tricks on me behind my back?
Do you want trouble?
Isn’t it enough to cover up one’s secrets?
That wouldn't be fun
Want me to die
I can't let him down
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)